1.
      Title          : Channel Estimation for MIMO-OFDM Systems by Modal Analysis/Filtering
      Author         : Marcello Cicerone,Osvaldo Simeone, Umberto Spagnolini
      Journal        : Marcello Cicerone, Osvaldo Simeone, Member, IEEE, and Umberto Spagnolini, Senior Member, IEEE
      Parameters     : Adaptive estimation, communication systems performance, fading channels, frequency-division multiplexing, multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) systems
      Findings       : 
                       * The proposed channel estimators compute the long-term features of the multipath channel model through a subspace tracking algorithm by identifying the invariant (over multiple OFDM symbols) space/time modes of the channel (modal analysis). 
                       * the fast-varying fading amplitudes are tracked by using least-squares techniques that exploit temporal correlation of the fading process (modal filtering)
2.
      Title          : Channel Estimation of the Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing
      Author         : Wu et al
      Journal        : International Journal of Recent Technology and Engineering (IJRTE) ISSN: 2277-3878, Volume-7, Issue-6S4, April 2019
      Parameters     : 
      Findings       : Discrete Cosine Transform (DCT) CE technique.
      Advantage      : It does not increase the power overhead due to that this method achieved high spectral efficiency
      Limitation     : The performance of the system degraded when the power increases
      
3.
      Title          : OFDM Channel Estimation and Signal Detection on Nonintegral-Delay and Fast Time-Varying Channels
      Author         : Weihua Chen, Xia Lei, and Shaoqian Li
      Journal        : National Key Laboratory of Communications, University of Electronic Science and Technology of China Chengdu, 610054, P.R. China
      Parameters     : Fast time-varying channel, nonintegral-delay, channel estimation, signal detection, ESPRIT.
      Findings       : * channel estimation and signal detection technique is presented for orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) system on fast time-varying fading channel with nonintegral-delays.
                       * This technique, based on a linear parametric channel model, rotationally employs estimating signal parameter via rotational invariance techniques (ESPRIT) and interchannel interference (ICI) mitigation to get more accurate channel estimation and data detection. 
                       * Simulation results show that the proposed method is robust to changes in channel characteristics, and the performance of which is superior to other structures without ICI mitigation or with integral-delays.




 
 4.Title        :Channel estimation in mobile wireless systems
   Authors      : Rashmi Mohan, Sagar S, Thejaswini N, Varsha P, Akshaya Y M and Pramela B
   Journal      : International Journal of Electronics and Communication Engineering and Technology(IJECET).
   Parameters   : F-OFDM , OFDM , MSE , LS.
   Findings     : To provide reliability and high data rates at the receiver, the system needs an accurate estimate of the time-varying channel.
   Graphs       : The graph is between SNR(dB) and BER(Bit Error Rate) where SNR(dB) increases then BER will be decreases.

5. Title        :Channel estimation in OFDM Mobile Wireless channel using Least Square Method
   Authors      : Nidhi Jaiswal,Richa Shrivastava,Shivam Khare
   Journal      : Journal of Emerging Technologies and Innovative Research (JETIR)
   Parameters   : Doppler Diversity, OFDM, Pilot Sequences, Channel estimation, Least Square.
   Findings     : * The Least Square(LS) method is used for channel estimation technique using the block type pilot sequences.
		      * The main goal is to test the recently proposed method, time-variant channel estimation using pilot sequence.
		      * The basic idea was to use parallel data and FDM with overlapping subchannel to avoid the use of high-speed equalization to combat impulsive noise and multipath distortion and fully utilize bandwidth.
   Graphs       : The graph is between Power and frequency. 

6. Title        :Estimation of Correlated MIMO Channels using Partial Channel State Information and DPSS
   Authors      : Omar Longoria-Gandara , R. Parra-Michel. 
   Journal      :IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON WIRELESS COMMUNICATIONS.
   Parameters   : multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) , reduced-rank (RR) , partial channel state information (CSI)
   Findings     : * In this proposed model we correlated multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) channel estimation based on reduced-rank (RR) technique and partial channel state
                    information (CSI).
		      * This paper shows that close linear minimum mean-squareerror (LMMSE) performance can be achieved with the use of predefined bases derived from the knowledge of the maximum angular dispersion
		      * A theoretical framework to synthesize a suitable set of bases is provided, from which discrete prolate spheroidal sequences (DPSSs) are identified as one of the appropriate predefined bases for spatial channel representation.

   Graphs       : The graph is drawn between angle-of-departure (AoD) and power(linear)
7. Title        : Wireless channel estimation in OFDM systems based on collaborative filtering techniques
   Authors      : Velimir Svedek , Adrian Satja Kurdija , Zeljko Ili´c
   Journal      : Journal of ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING.
   Parameters   : CF algorithm , OFDM, channel estimation , interpolation methods.
   Findings     : * The proposed algorithm is suitable for cases with low density of pilot sub-carriers.
		        the proposed algorithm improves predictive accuracy metrics, such as Root Mean Squared Error (RMSE), compared to usual estimation methods.
   Graphs       : 1. The graph is between Density and Root Mean Square Error.
		      2. The graph is drawn between Density and Thrushold.
8. Title        :Design of OFDM Model
   Authors      : Mr. Rahul S. Bilwane	
   Journal      : International Journal of Research(IJR)
   Parameters   : Communication system, Fast Fourier Transformations , Inverse Fast fourier Transformations.
   Findings     : * In this model , we are going to define the Peak to Average Power Ratio (PAPR) along with Bit Error Rate(BER).
		      * Also we are trying to shift the frequency signal from one frequency band to another frequency band, sothat we can use the same OFDM model on 
                    that shifted frequency
   Graphs       : The graph is drawn between Bit Error Rate (BER) & Peak to Average Power Ratio( PAPR).
9. Title        : ESTIMATION OF CHANNEL IN OFDM WIRELESS CHANNEL USING LS AND MMSE TECHNIQUES
   Authors      : R Srinivasa Aditya Varma, Marthy Siva Sai Krishna 	
   Journal      : International Journal of Electronics and Communication Engineering and Technology (IJECET) 
   Parameters   : Amplitude ,data points , Time ,Symbol error rate ,SNR in DB.
   Findings     : used LS (Least Square) and MMSE (Minimum Mean Square Error) to estimate a channel and compared those two techniques.
   		  Techniques such as FDMA, TDMA, and CDMA for effective utilization of bandwidth. 
   Graphs       : 1.The graph is drawn between Amplitude & data points for a single signal , after dividing into sub carriers and sub carriers with cyclic prefix .
   		  2.The graph is drawn between Amplitude & time for OFDM signal.
		  3.The graph is drawn between Symbol error rate & SNR in DB for o/p using least square estimator and MME estimator.
10.Title        : Coherent Detection of Turbo-Coded OFDM Signals Transmitted Through Frequency Selective Rayleigh Fading Channels
   Authors      : K. Vasudevan 
   Journal      : presented as an Invited Talk at the International Federation of Nonlinear Analysts (IFNA) World Congress, Greece and published in ISPCC 
   Parameters   : Byte error rate ,SNR in DB,outage probability,.
   Findings     : Receiver Diversity and Increased Throughput
   		  Deals with coherent receivers based on orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) 
		  *first outlining the tasks of a coherent receiver. 
		  *The basic tasks of the coherent receiver would be: 
		  	1. To correctly identify the start of the (OFDM) frame (SoF), such that the probability of false alarm (detecting an OFDM 
			frame when it is not present) or equivalently the probability of erasure/miss (not detecting the OFDM frame when it is present)
			is minimized. We refer to this step as timing synchronization. 
			2. To estimate and compensate the carrier frequency offset (CFO), since OFDM is known to be sensitive to CFO. This task is 
			referred to as carrier synchronization. 
			3. To estimate the channel impulse/frequency response.
			4. To perform (coherent) turbo decoding and recover the data 
		  *The modifications in the turbo decoder in the presence of receive diversity and the variance of the channel estimation error 
		  enhanced frame structure, that increase the throughput, which in turn, depends on Ld 
		  *This paper deals with linear complexity coherent detectors for turbo-coded OFDM signals transmitted over frequency selective Rayleigh fading channels.
		  *Simulation results show that it is possible to achieve a BER of 10−5 at an SNR per bit of 8 dB and throughput equal to 82.84%, using a single
		  transmit and two receive antennas. 
   Graphs       : 1.The graph is drawn between Byte error rate & SNR in DB for stimulation result without data interleaving.
   		  2.The graph is drawn between Byte error rate & SNR in DB for stimulation result with data interleaving.
		  3.The graph is drawn between outage probability & SNR in DB for stimulation result with data interleaving.
11. Title        : Channel Estimation for Wireless OFDM Communications 
   Authors      : Jia-Chin Lin 	
   Journal      : Journal of ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING.
   Parameters   : subcarriers , symbol index
   Findings     : variety of CE techniques on OFDM communications were investigated. 
   Formula      : based on different models like time-domain channel estimation based on Least square techniques,frequency-domain channel 
   		  estimation based on comb type pilot arrangement ,etc.
12.Title        : Channel Estimation for OFDM Systems with Transmitter Diversity in Mobile Wireless Channels
   Authors      : Ye (Geoffrey) Li, Nambirajan Seshadri , Sirikiat Ariyavisitakul 	
   Journal      : IEEE JOURNAL  
   Parameters   : WER,SNR in DB.
   Findings     : *studied transmitter diversity using space-time coding for OFDM systems.
   		  *developed channel parameter estimation approaches, which are crucial for the decoding of space-time codes, and we derive the
		  MSE bounds for these estimation approaches. 
   Graphs       : 1.When a nine-tap significant-tap-catching (STC) estimator is used graph for signal transmition.
   		  2.When a seven or nine-tap STC estimator is used for signal transmition.
13.Title        : Channel Estimation for Two-Way Relay OFDM Networks 
   Authors      : Weiwei Yang, Yueming Cai, Junquan Hu, Wendong Yang	
   Journal      : EURASIP Journal  
   Parameters   : MES,SER,SNR in DB.
   Findings     : *proposed LS-based channel estimation algorithms under block-based training schemes for two-way relay OFDM networks. 
   		  *By minimizing MSE, the condition and design method of the optimal training sequences was discussed. 
		  *The optimal training sequences based on a special sequence called Zadoff-Chu sequence are designed to achieve the same 
		  minimum MSE performance as the orthogonal optimal training sequences with better PAPR performance. 
   Graphs       : 1.MES performed for different SNR's
   		  2.SER performed for different SNR's
		  
 14.    Title	:Learning the MMSE Channel Estimator
	Author	: David Neumann, Thomas Wiese
	Journal : IEEE Transactions on Signal Processing ( Volume: 66, Issue: 11, June1, 1 2018)   30 January 2018
	Parameters : Channel estimation, Covariance matrices, Complexity theory, Channel models, Antenna arrays, Random variables
	Findings   :  * This network learns the MMSE estimator for the unstructured model, but only within the given class of estimators that contains the MMSE estimator for the structured model.
		      *	Numerical simulations with typical spatial channel models demonstrate the generalization properties of the chosen class of estimators to realistic channel models.
	
15.	Title	: CHANNEL ESTIMATION STUDY FOR BLOCK - PILOT INSERTION IN OFDM SYSTEMS UNDER SLOWLY TIME VARYING CONDITIONS
	Author	:PR. RIDHA BOUALLEGUE,ZAIER AIDA
	Journal :International Journal of Computer Networks & Communications (IJCNC) Vol.3, No.6, November 2011
	Parameters :  block – pilot insertion, time varying channel,
	Findings   : * In this paper, we proposed a study of performance of the channel estimation using LS, MMSE, LMMSE and Lr-LMMSE algorithms in OFDM (Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing) system which, as
			known suffers from the time variation of the channel under high mobility conditions, using block pilot insertion.
		     * The loss of sub channel orthogonality leads to inter-carrier interference (ICI). Using many algorithms for channel estimation
	
	Title	: A Comparative Analysis of LS and MMSE Channel Estimation Techniques for MIMOOFDM System
	Author	: Akash Kumar Shrivas 
	Journal : IJIRST –International Journal for Innovative Research in Science & Technology| Volume 1 | Issue 8 | January 2015 ISSN (online): 2349-6010
	Parameters : Frequency, Time
	Findings   : * The objective of this study is up channel estimation accuracy in OFDM system as a result of channel state info is needed for detection at receiver and its accuracy affects the performance of system
			and it's essential to improve the channel estimation for a lot of reliable communications.
		     * OFDM system was chosen during this study because it's been wide used nowadays owing to its high knowledge rate, data rate and its adequate performance in frequency selective attenuation channels. 
		     * The pilots were inserted among subcarriers in transmitter with distances emerged of sampling theory then Least sq. (LS) technique & minimum meansquare error (MMSE) was chosen
	
16.	Title	: Hybrid Approach for Channel Estimation Using Iterative Compensation and LMS Algorithm
	Author	:Bhanu Partap, Prabhjot Singh
	Journal :International Journal of Engineering & Technology, 
	Parameters : MSE, Ebno--MSE Analysis of OFDM System
	Findings   :    * In Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing, the concept of channel equalization and estimation plays a vital role to improve the performance of the system by reducing the 
			effects of distortion in the signals that occurs due to fading, multipath, delay spreads. 
			* In this study a hybrid channel estimation technique is developed by collaborating the iterative compensation mechanism with Least
			Mean Square technique. 
			* The performance of the proposed work is observed to be more effective and efficient than the Iterative compensation based channel 
			estimation technique in the terms of Mean Square Error (MSE).
			
17.	Title    : Adaptive Blind Channel Estimation using LMS Based Techniques in OFDM Systems
	Author   : Rajeshbabu Chitikena, P.Esther Rani
	Journal  : INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF SCIENTIFIC & TECHNOLOGY RESEARCH VOLUME 8, ISSUE 09, SEPTEMBER 2019
	Parameter :
	Findings  : * the channel state information is retrieved utilizing channel estimation, when all the channels between the transmit antenna are accurately known. 
		    * In this paper, we describe about the basic information of MIMO-OFDM system and also reviews the dissimilar channel estimation techniques used in
		    MIMO-OFDM system with various system parameters.
		    * In this paper, a survey on various Channel Estimation Techniques used in MIMO-OFDM systems is presented. The performance of the system can be improved,
		    if channel state information of MIMO channels is estimated by channel estimation schemes.
		   
18.   Title          : Channel Estimation of the Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing
      Author         : Wu et al
      Journal        : International Journal of Recent Technology and Engineering (IJRTE) ISSN: 2277-3878, Volume-7, Issue-6S4
      Parameters     : Carrier frequency, Time
      Findings       : * Discrete Cosine Transform (DCT) CE technique.,Time-domain maximum likelihood CE technique,Zero correlation based CE technique
      			* This paper concludes that the performance of different CE techniques based on various power factors, estimation accuracy, BER, error signal detection, SNR and MSE. This survey pape
      Advantage      : It does not increase the power overhead due to that this method achieved high spectral efficiency
      Limitation     : The performance of the system degraded when the power increases
